Vim had to get away. He simply couldn't stand it any longer. That thing inside him was growing, slowly filling every cell of his body, consuming him. It forced him to move, to scream, to do *something*. If he just continued to sit here, he would surely explode, and the darkness that he contained would flow from him like a black fluid. 
A part of him longed for that; to just be let the pain flow from him, but he knew it wasn't that simple. Even though Vim was practically brimming with pain to the point where it surely was oozing from his skin, it refused to leave him. Like a recurring cold it never truly let go. Some days were better than others, but it always made itself known just when he was starting to think he'd finally be rid of it. 
Vim got up, the pain finally getting the better of him. He mumbled something about "going for a piss" in response to the inquiring eyes turning towards him, turned his back to the fire, and stumbled into the forest.
He knew it was stupid going alone in the darkness – the gods knew what fell creatures might dwell in these woods – but Vim didn't care. He had to move, had to do something. At the moment, that urge was stronger than his sense of danger.

---

Vim didn't look up – *couldn't* look up – as Thelma sat down beside him. He made sure she wasn't sitting too close, afraid that the black liquid inside him would somehow spill over and spread to her like a disease. He wouldn't do that to her, wouldn't have her experience this pain; he didn't wish that on his worst enemy.
Thelma didn't say anything, didn't force him to talk or try to cheer him up. She just sat there quietly. Vim loved her for that.
The stars were showing through the trees. An owl was hooting somewhere far away, but beyond that the forest was still. Vim breathed in the cool evening air. Long, heavy breaths.

"I'm full of holes, you know."
Vim looked down at the ground in front of him. He didn't dare look at Thelma, afraid of what she might think of him. Afraid of hurting her by telling her about his pain. But even more afraid that she should leave, terrified of going back into the darkness alone.
"I cover them up best I can, and most days I do a pretty good job of it. I paint them over with all the color I can find. I hide them with jokes and cover them with laughter, and some days I can even fool myself. But some days... some days I'm reminded that the holes are still there, despite my futile attempts at ignoring them. They are always there, and maybe they always will. Maybe that's just who I am. The broken one. The one who hurts."
Vim continued staring into the ground, expecting Thelma to say something in response. She didn't. She just sat there. He could feel her gaze on him but didn't dare meet here eyes.
"I'm sorry, I shouldn't have told you. I just... I can't carry this pain anymore. It's too much for me to bear alone."
Vim felt the shame rise in him. Why had he told her? He should just have kept his mouth shut and pulled himself together like he'd done up until now. He'd been fine this far, right? Except, he hadn't really. Not if walking around with a constant pain in one's chest, drinking excessively to numb such pain, and having to fight every second to simply continue existing could be described as fine.

"Maybe...", Thelma's voice was soft and came slowly, as if she was still trying to piece together a thought.
"...maybe that's what we do when we love someone. We open holes to our hearts. Maybe that's what is required to really get to know someone, and to be truly known. The price we pay for love, if you will." Thelma paused for a moment, seemingly collecting her thoughts.
"I don't know if the holes will heal eventually. Maybe they will, but maybe... maybe they shouldn't. Those holes may be a way for pain to creep in, but they may also be where love, where joy and passion can enter. Maybe it's the only way to live fully, to truly experience life: to live with holes in your heart. And the price we pay is that we also get all the pain and sorrow and anxiety." 
Out of the corner of his eye, Vim saw Thelma straighten. Her eyes were fixed on him, and her voice grew firmer.
"But Vim, that is not your identity. The sorrow may be a part of you, and sometimes it might feel like it's the *only* part of you, but it is **not** who you are. I know you are so much more, and I know that there is Someone who calls out to you, who whispers that you are His, that you are loved. **That** is your identity, not this pain that you carry. You must never forget that, because if you do – if you ever start to truly believe that the darkness is what you are – then that is what you will become. And you cannot give it that Vim. You cannot give it your soul."

Thelma paused, and for the first time Vim raised his eyes and met hers. They were so full of compassion that Vim could practically feel it washing over him. He held onto that gaze, fighting against the darkness in his chest.
"How can you believe?" Vim asked, his voice not quite able to carry.
"How could I not?" She asked back. "Some days it is literally the only thing that gets me out of bed; knowing that He has placed me here for a reason, and that no matter what happens He will carry me through. Without that promise and the knowledge that I am loved, that I am wanted and cared for, I don't know where I'd be." Thelmas eyes drifted toward the ground, and for a moment she seemed lost in her memories. Vin shook his head.
"I cannot understand how you can believe that. If this being you call God exists at all he must either be a psychopath or have *really* bad humor. How else can he allow people to hurt like this? Or maybe this is what he means by love: pain coated with a thin layer of happiness. In that case, I'd rather not be loved at all."
Thelma looked at him for a moment, then shook her head. 
"I don't think you actually believe that. And you can't blame the gardener for the crows uprooting his garden."
"I know," Vim said, resigned. "I just want someone to blame, or rather still someone who can take this pain away from me. I don't want to carry it any more, I just want to be free."
Thelma didn't respond to that, but instead took his hand in hers.
"What did she do to you?" she asked softly, her eyes full of care.
"She took my heart," Vim whispered, and he could feel the sorrow seeping out of his eyes.
"And she smashed it to pieces."